# Executable Scripts: 0-alias--to create an alias with Name: ls and Value: rm * . 1-hello_you--to create a script that prints hello user where user is the Linux user. 2-path--to add /action to the PATH. /action which is the last directory the shell looks into when looking for a program. 3-paths--the command echo $PATH|tr ':' '\n'|wc -l breaks down the $PATH environment variable into its individual directories by replacing the : character (which separates the directories in $PATH) with a newline character \n. The resulting directories are then counted using the wc -l command. The final output of this command is the number of directories listed in the $PATH environment variable. 4-global_variables--the command will print a list of all the environment variables in the terminal. 5-local_variables--the set command is used to modify shell and environment variables, or to display their current values. 6-create_local_variable--create a script that creates a new local variable. 7-create_global_variable--you can create a new global variable by simply assigning a value to a variable name and using the export command. 8-true_knowledge--prints the result of the addition of 128 with the value stored in the environment variable TRUEKNOWLEDGE. 9-divide_and_rule--prints the result of POWER divided by DIVIDE. The reason for the quotes in echo "$((POWER/DIVIDE))" but not in echo $((TRUEKNOWLEDGE+=128)) is that the former uses command substitution, while the latter uses arithmetic expansion. 10-love_exponent_breath--displays the result of BREATH to the power LOVE
